1.did you run in the park yesterday afternoon

2.yes ,I was running in the park when you saw me yesterday afternoon  .

3.before you saw me,I had been running for forty five minutes.

4.did you also run in the park yesterday afternoon ?

5.no ,I waited for my mother at the park yesterday afternoon .

6.before I saw you ,I had been waiting for my mother for two hours .

1.what are you doing now ?

2.I am studying history now .

3.how long have you  studied history ?

4.before you called me,I had been studying history since two o'clock in the  afternoon

5.do you want to go to the  zoo with me?

6.I don't want to go to the  zoo ,because today is a rainy day .

试试看1
1.what are you doing now ?

2.I am planning to visit my old friend .

3.when will you visit your old friend ?

4.I will visit my old friend the day after tomorrow .

5.where does your friend live ?

6.my friend lives in Beijing .

7.how many days will you stay there.

8.I will stay in Beijing for one week

9.have you ever been to Beijing ?

10.no ,I have not been to Beijing .

11.I will go to Beijing with Billy this year .

12.Billy likes Beijing very much, because there are many beautiful building in Beijing .

将来
1.will you  go to the museum with me at ten o'clock  tomorrow morning?

2.no ,I will not go to the museum with you at ten o'clock tomorrow morning.

3.because I will be washing my car at ten o'clock tomorrow morning.

7.will you at home tomorrow evening?

8.yes ,I will at home tomorrow evening.

将来完成时
1.have you finished your homework ?

2.no ,I have not finished my homework .

3.when  will you finish your homework ?

4.I will have finished my homework by five o'clock .

5.are you sure ?

6.yes ,I am sure.

7.have you cleaned your bedroom ?

8.no ,I have not cleaned my bedroom .

9.when will you cleaned your bedroom .

10.I will have cleaned my bedroom before my husband come home .

将来进行完成时
1.how long have you driven ?

2.I will have been driving for four hours by eight o'clock .

3.how long has my son slept ?

4.he will have been sleeping for three hours by eight o'clock .

5.where are you now ?

6.we are on the freeway because we will go  Beijing to visit Anne.

7.how long has Anne lived Beijing ?

8.she will have been living in Beijing for  ten years  next month。

9.is she waiting for you now ?

10.yes ,she is waiting for us now.

11.she will have been waiting for us for three o'clock when we arrive at her house .

1.can I  go to the library with John  ?

2.no ,you can't go to the library with John .

3.why can't  I go to the library?

4.because you haven't cleaned the living room .

5.before you go to the library,you  most clean the living room.

6.may I ask you a question ?

7.yes ,you may.

8.do you like my new radio ?

9.yes ,I like it very much .

10.if you allow me to go to the library with John ,I can lend you that new radio。

11.if you can go home by six o'clock ,I can accept  your request  .

虚拟语气

1.why are you very sad ?

2.because my birthday gift isn't a bicycle .

3.if my birthday gift is a bicycle, I would be very happy .

4.if I had much money ,I should buy a bicycle .

5.if I were  your dad ,I should buy a bicycle for you .

6.do you see my dog ?

7.no ,I don't  .

8.why  are you looking fot it ?

9.because it's sick.

10.if I saw it ,I would tell you .

1.is this computer your birthday gift ?

2.yes ,IT is my birthday gift.

关系代词
1.whose is this book?

2.this book is mine

3.it is the book that is very expensive.

4.is this very good  ?

5.yes ,it is very good.

6.my friend should also  like this book

7.who is your friend ?

8.my friend is the  girl that teaches me English .

9.is her name Anne ?

10.yes ,she is the girl whose name is Anne  .
